there are so many different ways in the navy that you can reward your
sailors for good performance when you first have to do is just figure
out what motivates your people you know because what motivates one
person is gonna be different from somebody else if I've got somebody
who's been performing really well and I know that they enjoy time
off then that might be what I reward them with his an extra day off
we're going home early or something like that if I got another individual
who doesn't really care about time off because they're really
driven and just like to work and perform up maybe I actually given more
responsibility because that's what they're been seeking they want
to show that they're capable of taking on more so I give them that
might have other individuals that are really you know looking for that
kind of a ward or credit or something so put him in for the award
so you you have to really just understand what drives a motive each
each one of those individuals and then you know work towards that
whenever they're doing good things but always let your people know when
they're doing something good you know even just that that subtle
it in the middle of the day Hey really doing you know I appreciate
what you're doing or that looks great even just that single comment
when they've been working hard like that looks great are you really
doing well there that might be enough to continue to push them on to
finish that evolution